what is up guys really quick I was going
to go over a little bit my setup video
for how I record on xbox you'll see
right here I'm going to start off with
just going down the line keep in mind
this is the portable set i am on
vacation right now so this is basically
the portable set of equipment that i
bring with me wherever I go this is out
of Kiel right now so yeah anyways well
go ahead and get started the xbox is the
xbox 360 slim I think it's a quarter
terabyte to 250 gigs something like that
it's on I think it's the best one they
happen i don't really know i mean you
can never really fill up two hundred
fifty gigabytes if you wanted it to the
x 41 turtle beach headset this section
my friends my turtle beaches are over
here my friend staying with me for the
entire summer he's name is Jacob he's
going to be helping with some of the
commentaries these are the games that I
like to play just a few have a Medal of
Honor homefront halo obviously black ops
there at the bottom a quick thing too is
a here's the HD PVR that I record most
of my game play with the inputs on the
front I'm not really sure they do i've
never really used them but here's where
it gets complicated you see all these
massive strings of cord along the back
this is how you connect the htp are
essentially you plug the component
cables into the back of the television
go ahead and show you that really quick
you can see the components right back
here and the component cables then flow
to the back of the HD PVR right here and
then there is a separate set of
component cables along the back side and
that flow somewhere normally they would
flow to this this is a converter right
here and then the converter would flow
to the other side with the hdmi input
and the hdmi input would allow me to
play hdmi quality games all recording
with the component cables so then you'd
have the hdmi cord right here flow to
the back of your television and that's
how you would play an hdmi quality while
recording and only I think 480p or maybe
720p quality on the on the Xbox I
haven't hooked this up yet i paid eighty
dollars for and when I got it it turned
out that that was the power source and
that's British power sources i guess so
it didn't work for me and i was
wondering why it took three years to get
a thing in the mail
because it was stripping from Great
Britain I guess so um that was a fail
and I have to go out and spend another
30 on a power converter so that's always
fun over here is the computer that I
used to render all my videos to the
setup videos and the mic it's a snowball
microphones about eighty dollars it
works really well its got high quality
videos and our excuse me high quality
audio this is the computer I can't
really give you the specs I think it's
about 200 and no 500 here let's check
really quick I think it's 500 terabytes
of Orcs and not five terabytes 500m 500
gigabytes oh let's see note 285
gigabytes and it looks like two
gigabytes of memory so that's a little
bit about the computer it's not very
fast it's actually three years old so
you know I don't have the money to
upgrade every single year so uh I'm
putting my money this year toward a car
maybe next year I'm going to get the new
computer we shall see I think that's
basically everything if you have any
questions or comments leave them in the
thing below really quick this is this is
my phone are here get rid of the text
message and shoot all right this is the
sweetest phone in the world as far as
I'm concerned CH tcg2 it's a year old
and it's still probably the favorite
phone that I could ever find and I've
got it overclocked and modded and I've
got a spare battery in the back for you
can't see it but see right there spare
battery in the back so whenever I need
to say the battery is close to dying I
can just take it off in the back is real
easy to pop off press a button down here
well I need to ins really press the
button down here pop it off pop the
battery out get the new battery put it
in there just like that turn it on give
it about three seconds and it'll turn
right back on and this way when i
overclock it the battery dies quite
quickly and what overclocking
essentially is it can run it almost
triple it's a normal speed and any phone
can do this you have to be a tech savvy
enough to learn how to do it so that's
the end of the video guys I hope you
enjoyed like i said before leave any
questions or comments if you have you no
questions about how I to work my setup
how I get things connected how I do all
my stuff
I'm happy to answer my answer almost
every question that I get so go ahead
and do that like the video it helps me a
lot go ahead and favorite if you really
enjoyed it and subscribe if you haven't
already I post future content every
single day general 100-plus game so
that's about it guys hope you enjoyed
but